Improve "install from VM" page (other versions) (#3151)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/installation/installation-of-a-central-server/using-virtual-machines.md

> > For security reasons, we highly recommend you change those passwords after you complete the installation.

Author: ```suggestion
> For security reasons, change these passwords after you complete the installation.
```
